BZ:1917646: Review documentation to pause MachineConfigPool (#34704)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/troubleshooting-disabling-autoreboot-mco-cli.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Pausing a machine config pool stops all system reboot processes and all configuration changes from being applied. Pausing an MCP also prevents any automatically rotated certificates from being pushed to the associated nodes, such as the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate. If the MCP is paused when the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate is renewed, multiple `oc` commands do not work, including but not limited to `oc debug`, `oc logs`, `oc exec`, and `oc attached`, becasue the node does not have the renewed certificate. Pausing should be done for short periods of time only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pausing a `MachineConfigPool`(MCP) prevents the machine-config-operator from applying any configuration changes on the respective pool. This includes the automatic CA rotation for `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate. If the MCP is paused when the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate expires and attempts to auto-renew, the new CA certificate is created but not applied across the nodes in the respective pool. This would cause failure in multiple `oc` commands, including but not limited to `oc debug`, `oc logs`, `oc exec`, and `oc attach`. Thus, pausing a MCP should be done with careful consideration over `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate expiry and for short term only.
```

> Pausing a machine config pool prevents the Machine Config Operator from applying any configuration changes on the associated nodes. Pausing an MCP also prevents any automatically-rotated certificates from being pushed to the associated nodes, including the automatic CA rotation of the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate. If the MCP is paused when the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate expires and the MCO attempts to automatially renew the certificate, the new certificate is created but not applied across the nodes in the respective machine config pool. This causes failure in multiple `oc` commands, including but not limited to `oc debug`, `oc logs`, `oc exec`, and `oc attach`. Pausing an MCP should be done with careful consideration about the `kube-apiserver-to-kubelet-signer` CA certificate expiration and for short periods of time only.

Reviewer 2: Question: does this apply only for master pool? Or is it both master and worker pools?

i.e. does the worker certs need to be updated for `oc` commands to function?

Author: @sttts @ravitri Can you help with @yuqi-zhang question ^^?

Reviewer 3: > i.e. does the worker certs need to be updated for `oc` commands to function?

yes, I think it should due to mentioned commands having issues.
